here we are we're at the field with
Brent hello Brent hello there fella
follows you're talking to the YouTube
will you change so lose yeah and what
have you done with you ax and Brent a
bit overkill actually what's this on
here there's people you looking thing
yeah it's a big city 500 kV me 3500 kV
and how many watts is that 505 watts you
know these are only hundred and seventy
what you're supposed to be my cell this
other gizmos on the top you've got a
camera in a 45 inch speed controller
that's putting out about 58 amps through
it but she's all good
there are you okay and well can you fly
it we're about to find out any flight
low enough for us to see it today we
have to get way good I'll be watching
for the pieces that's in the work that's
in the ear Bob the wind is in the ear
before that's the ring you be saying
bye-bye
it's to Hawaii I was but there is just
if you just you take it to this bottom
part there is it is few tiny bees
Boulevard here we go Delmon possibly
stop shaking about a thousand feet lower
I'd be good this is into the when we got
a stiff wind so it's not so fast into
the wind yeah girl
it makes a lot of noise
one of the world's fastest ax in flight
is I need some next week Terrence's next
week ringing boo boys I have a hundred
and ncc gets murder anyone stop
complaining but can you get it down in
one piece there you guys happy man he
says the winds a bit rough but things
just shake your thumb zone